Gwenevere Abriel: Lisa No Adele and OT deal
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Alicia Noedel: Hi, how are you today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm doing well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so how's the stress level over there.
Not bad.
Alicia Noedel: Not too bad. I mean, my walking my maybe got laid off.
Alicia Noedel: Um, so he's been at home a lot more. So I haven't really have to be worrying about him being out and stuff. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how does this affect you in other ways has been home.
Alicia Noedel: I'm like, financially, we eventually will have a problem. But right now, we're not having anything. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: All right. Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you do sound like it's not. I mean, as far as aspect goes. It doesn't look like the intensity
Gwenevere Abriel: Is quite as high as it sounds like. So how are you pulling that off. What are you doing to balance right. The, the worry. Some things you could be preoccupied with worry, worry, worry but instead you're doing what
I'm
Alicia Noedel: Just enjoying, you know, my family and, you know, you put a lot of things in perspective for me last time, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so glad I'm so glad
Gwenevere Abriel: What else has been coming up for you.
Alicia Noedel: It's been a pretty
Alicia Noedel: Relaxing week
Alicia Noedel: I've been. I've been pretty I'm exhausted. I'm sorry, I'm exhausted. I didn't sleep all night last night. The baby's been teething. So she's having a really hard time
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Relaxing and there's exhaustion spending time with family, you're not having to be preoccupied with, you know, is Joaquin getting getting the
Gwenevere Abriel: The right the virus on his skin and going to bring it here and okay so so real combination
Gwenevere Abriel: Combination of both positive and negative things going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me open up a note here poet and get him to see what we were working on last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how are you feeling about group.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's ever anything that comes up in there, feel free to journal it, feel free to write a little note and you can always process because I never, never have any fun to go into anything in there. It's like, what do you see any individuals, everybody.
Alicia Noedel: I know a lot of and then this group had like nine people. So there's a lot
Alicia Noedel: I know introductions, when it was already the time to be over with.
Gwenevere Abriel: No know yep that's sometimes how it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: For that group was starting to get really small. We got down to like hardly anybody. And so we're like, Hey, we got to build it back up again and we sure did. I'll tell you what.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some nice folks in their own life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see, we did review of resource figures. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What else did we do we get some good stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoo. I know what we can do today.
Gwenevere Abriel: What am I see what homework. We didn't integrate imagery of resource figures with belly breathing. That's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some belly breathing and then keeping right also doing the imagery of protective figure nurturing figure wise figure just really breathing it into that that belly in your in your
Gwenevere Abriel: meditation or prayer. I don't know which direction you kind of go there.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I've been putting a lot
Alicia Noedel: Frame really
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, prayer. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we need to send it all the good vibes, we can
Alicia Noedel: Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: And there was an invitation to practice some thought stopping you know to write down tangible lives it thanks for sharing and you write down exactly what you need to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Just do those things and then stop ruminating instead just say thank you. Yes, I'm on alert. I wrote those down to that inner dialogue.
Alicia Noedel: That helped me significantly. This week, it really locking it away and throwing it away and helped me a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you just, you did a lock and throw
Gwenevere Abriel: Did that come from the default picturing default. Yep. And oh, this was this the drop off the gorge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Yeah, there we go. That's it, because I saw you do this. And now I see
Alicia Noedel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great. So okay, so it was the fear the unknown. Let me drop that off. I've already got my list. Yes, thank you for the reminder
Alicia Noedel: As a combination is like I got an argument with my
Alicia Noedel: Mom and I was really, you know, and I don't like getting like that with her because me and her, you know, have a very close relationship. Okay. And, you know, I'm, I'm one of those people that I dwell on things and I stay angry and upset about things for way longer than it should.
Alicia Noedel: And that helped me to like really let it go right away faster.
That's beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now the tricky bit and this is the thing. When you say well I let it go faster. So I'm also sort of compassionately sort of vigilant around
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to let go of you.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There, you know the difference right here is something that this is a short term little misunderstanding. It's not a core issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to let it go for the sake of relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, maintaining this relationship over being right over you know you shouldn't keep the baby outside for more than an hour, you know, that was random but you know
Gwenevere Abriel: At something else. Okay, I'm being nope, I'm not going to fight for this. I'm not gonna argue right you're investing when you let go of a petty thing, something that's really not a core value.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you're investing in the harmony, you're investing in the relationship. And it sounds like you like that.
Alicia Noedel: Huh. Okay, that's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you know how did you know whether it'll let it go or not. Well,
Alicia Noedel: Um,
Alicia Noedel: That's a hard, that's a harder one because I, I just thought about you saying you know
Alicia Noedel: If there's something that you have a problem with or there's something that you know you can't deal with right then just, you know, put it to the side, you know, put it away so that it doesn't affect you and um
Alicia Noedel: You know, I was very ready to dwell on it all night and be upset because I was very my feelings were hurt and
Alicia Noedel: I started questioning like things that, like, really have no business being in it, like, oh, you know, she does, she really even loved me, like, you know, things that
Alicia Noedel: You know, just ridiculous. And I think that just comes back from me, you know, starving for her approval for so long as a as a kid, you know. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe if you knew. Let's try this out. See if you like this, you can always reject it. If it doesn't feel right. But it's not throwing away.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be put in default. And the reason why the default is handy because we can open it together. And it's not forgotten. It's not to be said it's not important. It's just not to be running around kicking things breaking windows.
Gwenevere Abriel: Run a muck.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, but it on the I'm starving for approval. It's hard for a therapist to want to say we're going to drop that off the gorge.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's, it's more like I wonder, like you said, I'm gonna put it in a container. Maybe that goes in the vault. That's where you and I can do some healing and in fact this activity. I want to do to you today around the anchor room.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might come up and visit it safely and on your terms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not in a hijacking
Gwenevere Abriel: My life is dependent on it. It's coming up again. Well, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is important to look it's it's making me cry. I'm questioning my love ability. This is an important one. It's got to go in the fault and I'm gonna bring it up with one of your
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I'll do it on a time when I feel like journaling, but I'm going to do it on my terms, but not off the gorge just the right now goes off the time schedule off the gorge, maybe, but the topic goes in the whole spin it will pick it back up again.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think, yeah, yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, because I didn't, I didn't forget about it either. You know, I just, you know, tried to make it to where it wasn't gonna
Alicia Noedel: affect me know because it wasn't important anymore at that exact moment, you know, even though no one said sorry to each other, which, you know, I really wish I would have gotten some kind of apology out of it.
Alicia Noedel: I just, you know, I just didn't want to deal with it because I didn't want to ruin my day. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you're saying some pretty important stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm wondering if it's going to come up in this in this activity. I'm going to invite now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take because we've got a good chunk of time and this one can take sometimes multiple sessions.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I like to do with you, is I'd like to develop an anchor room and
Gwenevere Abriel: Your only job really is and you're really great at it already, you just give me your next thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of free stuff free association.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all right. Brain Stuff. It's all creative, the kind of the same way you were doing with metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: The things that clients need to kind of be keep alert to there's a tendency to want to push memory into it. Well, I remember it was red is so it's red. Well, this anchor room is perfect. This is a safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect space. And so although you may be interested in pushing memory on it. Give yourself permission to get what you really, really, really want in there or really, really need
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll all be able to probably pick up on when you're forcing memory. Well, it wasn't, it was, it was this okay well that's memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I'll be doing a little activity. So your only job, you just say what comes up. I feel sick. I feel like throwing up oh my so tense my teeth grinding.
Gwenevere Abriel: On crying, but I'm interested in all of it. You're whatever there's some soma, the body's feeling, whatever the thought is maybe have a belief about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a judgment on, you know, right, one of those I'm starving for that you know are you do an analysis. Right. I was starving for for approval. I'm going to want to hear about that your job, you just whatever comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'll be guiding with question then question then.
Alicia Noedel: Question.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all you do is first answer than I do question first answer. I do question first answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's no possible way for you to do it wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's any people pleaser Enya or perfectionism or control or, you know, sort of, I'm not good enough. Anything in there. I want to say up front. There's no way you can do it wrong can't make a mistake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, yeah, that's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to dive right into it. And the basic instructions are this let's identify a target. Let's identify
Gwenevere Abriel: And they see a where you're still feeling stuck this may be something you've tried to resolve or still something that upsets you deeply
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And you touched a little bit on something earlier and we'll start there.
Alicia Noedel: The way I feel about me.
Alicia Noedel: I'm like the thing like the way things left off. And my dad passed away.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I might say, I'm feeling blocked.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around my grief or how our relationship was when he passed, like, see if he can help me.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I feel like I wasn't there.
Alicia Noedel: For him in in the way I should have been. And you know there were signs of him, you know, trying to tell me that he was having problems and I wasn't picking up on them, or I wouldn't pick up the phone when you recall
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the meaning you make out of your behavior. What does this say about who you are and what you think.
Alicia Noedel: I don't know. I mean, at the time I was in an abusive relationship and and he played my ex thought that I was
Alicia Noedel: Having guys because my little sister lived there at my dad's house and she was pretty promiscuous.
Alicia Noedel: And he thought that I would have guys go over there and I would you know do stuff with guys, which I would never do it. My father's house, but he stopped letting me go there and he didn't want me to, you know,
Alicia Noedel: Be around him, or be around his house so
Alicia Noedel: That meant you know my name. My father's relationship suffered for
Gwenevere Abriel: So I invite you for today. I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: The job of analysis, you don't have to do the analysis. So just notice you'll just be keeping your eye out for my next question. You'll let me do the analysis.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you get to be the client, you get to pay attention to you. It's a hard enough job to sit with whatever's coming up. You don't have to analyze it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let this process unfold. But remember, the I the agenda, just, you know, we're not heading towards something that's unraveled
Gwenevere Abriel: Unhappy we're heading towards a space in this room. It's going to be imagery that that you can use anytime you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's also very on purpose for a particular activity. I want to do with you. It's available to you anytime you want. So not only is there a place to talk away some negative things that you don't want to do. There's a safe sanctuary to go to to think through
Gwenevere Abriel: To take time to reflect, to get centered
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an anchor room.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a safe place. That's our destiny. That's where we're going. Today, tomorrow, however long you know next session. However long it takes us to get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why you know where we're headed. It's not going to be uncomfortable. It might be some of some of the time. But remember, the destiny is it, it's going to be a perfect
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect safe place. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: your happy place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I kind of have an idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what you're talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let's get started. That's the block, there's still some turmoil. Maybe I it looks like he had tears.
Alicia Noedel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the label of the emotion, we get this, what do you, what do you feeling around this block.
Alicia Noedel: Pain Sadness. Sadness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sadness. And do you feel anything in the body. When you were
Alicia Noedel: Bringing up stomach's hurting someone credit
Alicia Noedel: It feels like almost like butterflies, but like sinking kinda like a sinking feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's going to be a total of three times that I will you know how earlier I said this is not about memory that's true for the most part, but if I'm honest. There are three three brief moments.
Gwenevere Abriel: The third one which may not be even today may take a little longer, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to ask you age, that's a memory, right, you got to think about the just, just the age not happened. Nope. Just age.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nickname. And then the question that I'll ask maybe next session or two. So that's all that I'm dipping into memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: The rest of it just pay attention to what comes up. Don't force it. I'm trying to remember trying to remember trying to remember know just try to answer my question. And let whatever comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just share that with me. That makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see how we do. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that that kind of sadness and that sinking feeling in the stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go into it lean into it a little bit really pay attention to it less of what you're seeing through through your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see. Is that part of the brain. It's sort of the insula part of the brain that has the ability to acknowledge physiological psychological
Gwenevere Abriel: Experience in internally, can it can feel itself, we can note the self, see, feel the gut. It's sunk in that sadness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like you to as best you can track back and see the first stage of that you had that feeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all you have to do is say the age. I won't make you retell it
Alicia Noedel: I
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I do have been a young age. I know that it wasn't the first time.
Alicia Noedel: Because I always get the same feeling of like dread.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's a way we can do it. Just pay attention, huh, yeah. Was it there at
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh, was it there at 10
Gwenevere Abriel: How, yeah. Oh, yes, there was an eight and
Gwenevere Abriel: six and five and just see how far back, it goes
Alicia Noedel: It's a litigator
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one feels true just to make this activity which one seems more real. Go to go to nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say I am
Alicia Noedel: Done things started getting really bad so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's like fourth grade think something like that.
Alicia Noedel: So Zachary Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the, the, the feeling was dread.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you have a nickname at age nine,
Alicia Noedel: Um,
Alicia Noedel: My name, you know, my birth name is NBC up but my parents and everybody who has ever you know knows me and is close with me calls me Alice
Alicia Noedel: Alice
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that work for a nickname for nine year old self.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: If I
Alicia Noedel: Whole life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because there's going to be some opportunities for referencing nine year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Palace versus
Gwenevere Abriel: Elisa like there's going to be, you know, there'll be a distinction between younger self and adult self. So it'd be nice to be able to really pull those apart. Will that work.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you can correct it. If it's really feeling like that's not working and give it a different nickname or I can always just call it
Gwenevere Abriel: Child or younger self. Okay. You just just
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, there's no right or wrong way to do it, you can correct me anywhere at any point
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we just did. We already did two out of three of the history stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Let me get my nose really quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, yep. Get that tissue.
Gwenevere Abriel: But don't use too much. Gotta keep that paper.
Alicia Noedel: I know crochet myself some toilet paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're thinking about buying a day.
Alicia Noedel: I know huh
Alicia Noedel: Just go outside with the garden hose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, if you can't laugh and you gotta cry, and I think I'd rather. LAUGH So
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now comes that creative part
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, Alyssa. I want you to picture the whole new one now. Okay, you know, can picture the room you're in, and then it goes to these other rooms and you're in this home.
And kind of just sort of met ability to sort of spatially orient yourself to what what it feels like to be in this home.
And I'd like you to imagine that you attach your room.
To this home.
I want to know where you attached it and
I want to know how big it is, what's in it and describe it. What's the first thing that came to mind.
Alicia Noedel: Like a basement toward typos like thing.
Basement thing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Alicia Noedel: I don't know.
Alicia Noedel: Like an average size really good
Gwenevere Abriel: I first got it. And what's the first thing you notice once you're maybe in the room. What do you first thing you notice
Alicia Noedel: There's nothing in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any colors that you notice
Alicia Noedel: White
There anything on the walls.
Like
Alicia Noedel: Like speckle pattern.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is a Korean light.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me about the light source. How can you see around the
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I was right.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where does the brightness come from.
Alicia Noedel: Love winter lights on the ceiling. Okay, there's no windows.
Alicia Noedel: Based
Gwenevere Abriel: On the ceiling.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no windows, you said
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue scanning the walls and see if you notice anything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: flooring. What do you notice about the flooring.
Alicia Noedel: Carpet
Gwenevere Abriel: What color.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said no windows.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there any you said it. You called it
Gwenevere Abriel: said nothing in it. Right.
Alicia Noedel: Empty. Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, um, and by empty, you know nothing in the corner, there's no furniture. There's no doors closets. Nothing in there.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, there's like
Alicia Noedel: Stairs
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Is that how you got in there.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the stairs. If you were to go up them.
Alicia Noedel: Where do they end up in my room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in your room. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you look as the door open.
Gwenevere Abriel: door lock in.
Gwenevere Abriel: The door closed and locked
Gwenevere Abriel: It's closed and locked. Okay, what's the door made of what's its color kind of described some features about it.
Alicia Noedel: Would and why
Alicia Noedel: Glass handle
Alicia Noedel: Like a knob.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how does how's it was the locking system.
Alicia Noedel: It's just a little
Alicia Noedel: door handle
Like a little
Turn thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: DOOR HANDLE knock okay it's closed, and it's locked.
Alicia Noedel: Notice what temperature, you notice space for
Gwenevere Abriel: To sort of pay attention to how seat make contact to the flooring in that space just there's 10 carpet there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you barefoot he feeling it.
Gwenevere Abriel: YOU'RE BAREFOOT. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just kind of describe what what the feet feel, what does it feel like
Alicia Noedel: A field and so
Alicia Noedel: Clean feeling
Clean fluffy and so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can become aware of the sense and we go through all the census. You just did sort of tactile you did. You could feel sort of us that skin with the air and it was warm and you can feel your feet. THEY CAN FEEL THE CLEAN fluffy soft carpet.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can notice anything around what you hear in the room.
Alicia Noedel: The heater.
Alicia Noedel: Turning on blowing
Gwenevere Abriel: And you see the heater.
Alicia Noedel: The events. Yeah, there's events.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Okay. I can see the events where the events.
Alicia Noedel: On the roof.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. I call it feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: You okay there they are. And you can feel it right on. You can hear the the heat. The heat or turning on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it going
Alicia Noedel: There. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here.
Alicia Noedel: Is she okay, baby.
Alicia Noedel: teething so bad.
Baby
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other sound.
Alicia Noedel: No.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What should you close your eyes for a moment. And I'd like you to picture and MySpace.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you smell.
Alicia Noedel: Just like clean, clean, cleaning, cleaning products like
Alicia Noedel: For sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice, which
Gwenevere Abriel: Taste.
Any taste.
Wrong.
Alicia Noedel: Not much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not much. That's usually a difficult one for people
Gwenevere Abriel: How much
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want in there.
Alicia Noedel: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing in there.
Alicia Noedel: They're sitting in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you sitting
Alicia Noedel: On the floor. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a little scan of the body as you sit on the floor. Maybe now you can maybe your hands touch that clean soft fluffy carpet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, pay attention to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you still feel your body as it is now see it on the carpet and underneath that. What's the under
Gwenevere Abriel: Foundation Center that carpet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Concrete. So how does it feel to be seated.
Alicia Noedel: Know the comfortable list but
Alicia Noedel: Man like
Alicia Noedel: I don't want to say manageable. But like
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, for
Alicia Noedel: Like more pleasurable intolerable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, OK. OK. So I can say that, I'll say
Gwenevere Abriel: more pleasurable intolerable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Somewhere in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what
Gwenevere Abriel: What emotion, you're experiencing. If you can tolerate a closing your eyes to really be present with this imagery won't confuse pieces of this. What's the emotion, you're feeling in this room.
Peace.
Alicia Noedel: Safety
Gwenevere Abriel: peace and safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice your body. See if it has any charge in it. If there's tension. If it matches the words peace and safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does yeah
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you say the body has no
Gwenevere Abriel: No charge
Gwenevere Abriel: You scanned and you checked you checked the head face shoulders, arms chest got
Gwenevere Abriel: All the lower parts here by our hips on her buttocks thighs and knees and calves and feet and
Gwenevere Abriel: You say, no, there's nothing there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to add a little bit of magic and somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wherever you want and you decide right whatever comes up, there's a secret compartment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where there's a magic wand can be something else magic that you know about that you can get to
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you forget and don't remember to use it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All remind you
Gwenevere Abriel: But is there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you get a sense when I I laid out that invitation what imagery came up
Alicia Noedel: Was it on like a trap door kinda
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And was it a magic wand in there.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can change if it needs to. But for now, you got a trap door.
Alicia Noedel: I dropped you
Gwenevere Abriel: Question I get them all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, we've got our trap door and you can see it. Can anyone else see it.
Alicia Noedel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: trap door hidden
Gwenevere Abriel: View as magic wand. Okay, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, my ears are acting up
Alicia Noedel: My nose is acting up
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Here comes the funny question. This is the one that they remember there was a third thing that was memory related
Gwenevere Abriel: This is it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be just sort of this compassionate patient witness to whatever comes up for you, okay, because it's an odd question. So I'm going to repeat it, and rephrase it in three or four different ways and times just sit with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Until your truth emerges.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alice
Gwenevere Abriel: As this nine year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Had to believe something in order to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: She had to absorb misinformation. She did it because she needed to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: At least you knows that's not true.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Alice at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to survive in her environment had to take that on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes we absorb these things from our culture we absorb them from or caregiver from they're carrying their lack of caring
Gwenevere Abriel: we absorb it nonetheless an hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: Had to believe it to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the morsel and crumbs
Gwenevere Abriel: She did the best she could
Gwenevere Abriel: Only see knows that's not the whole truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the misinformation that Alice had to absorb as a young girl.
Alicia Noedel: I guess I tried to pretend that nothing was happening, nothing was going on, like it was
Alicia Noedel: Like
Alicia Noedel: I would tell myself I was over exaggerating or
Alicia Noedel: You know,
Alicia Noedel: That everyone's life was like this. So, you know, why was I
Alicia Noedel: I don't know.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah. Yes. Like that everyone's life was like that so
Alicia Noedel: There was no reason for me to be upset about it or
Alicia Noedel: Anything like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What emotion, you're feeling
Alicia Noedel: Sadness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body.
Alicia Noedel: Tense feeling
Alicia Noedel: very tense up
Alicia Noedel: Everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: And fearing everywhere. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can give a voice to that everywhere tense feeling
Alicia Noedel: Nobody
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a way that I might listen
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it's yell. Sometimes it's a pleading. Sometimes it's a cry.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I do want to hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just that tense all over body have to say try not to censor
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it has a message that instead of tenses up all your muscles.
Alicia Noedel: It's just overwhelming.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, this is overwhelming.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: trap door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go over to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Open it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's bring the presence and quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what is needed for this overwhelming experience about us and
Gwenevere Abriel: We have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I noticed the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't have
Gwenevere Abriel: Anybody anything. And there was peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there was safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we put the overwhelming somewhere else.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does magic maybe magic even knows what to do, does magic know exactly what to do with this overwhelming.
Gwenevere Abriel: Body tense experience.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So magic just makes it to what
Alicia Noedel: It easier to deal with.
Gwenevere Abriel: The room in order for it to be easier to deal with.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does anyone know how to handle overwhelming.
Alicia Noedel: Probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Does Tupac
This
Gwenevere Abriel: Is john the poet.
Alicia Noedel: Probably
Gwenevere Abriel: So, see if something emerges in this room where the overwhelming.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be dealt with.
Alicia Noedel: A notebook.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah book is there and what's its cover look like and what does it feel like, and are you reading it and now the book is with you.
Alicia Noedel: To composition notebook.
Alicia Noedel: Black and white speckle composition book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: And you take this over.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything on the notebook anything written
Alicia Noedel: My name. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: Fact, it's not just the self, but it's sort of combination of Scooby Doo and Clarice
And you
Gwenevere Abriel: Could have this combination of Joaquin and Scooby Doo and Clarice and self and protective and witty and smart and generous and protective and
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Make that quality presence, somehow. And where would it go, what would it be doing
Alicia Noedel: Like a blanket.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where's the blanket.
Alicia Noedel: Around me
Gwenevere Abriel: And once that blankets around you. What happens to
Gwenevere Abriel: All over body tense overwhelming feeling
This way.
Gwenevere Abriel: What emotion, you're feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: What is that what's happening right now.
Alicia Noedel: I feel less overwhelmed. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's your mind going, what are the thoughts and beliefs that passed by.
Alicia Noedel: Everything is fine.
Alicia Noedel: It's fine that I'm going to be fine.
Alicia Noedel: I'm not in that position anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's in the past.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah. Not that kid anymore. I CAN PROTECT MYSELF. No, you can handle things for
Alicia Noedel: I don't feel helpless.
Alicia Noedel: Anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: In with
Gwenevere Abriel: How Alice
Alicia Noedel: Feels
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's anything
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't miss a beat. We can't hurry it, we can't say it because a therapist wants to hear it and she gets to feel like she did a good job can't can't afford to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to make sure Alice
Gwenevere Abriel: Alice
Gwenevere Abriel: She's
Gwenevere Abriel: Because she's already does that
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything's fine. Everything's fine. It's not yeah I don't I don't I don't want to miss a beat here for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's check and see if she's still got something to say maybe to adult Elisa maybe she has a question for Lisa. Maybe she wants to tell you something. Maybe she has still something left to say
Alicia Noedel: To somebody what are protected her
Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Does someone would have cared enough to stop.
Alicia Noedel: You know, putting drugs before her.
Alicia Noedel: Tired of the hunger tired of being hungry every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will take what you just said. And now first person as if you were, you were Allison, you were talking to
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I want you to protect me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't you put drugs before me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure I'm
And
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a direct communication with at least
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can do your truth, not my
Alicia Noedel: mate of yours.
Talking from
Gwenevere Abriel: The position of the little girl speaking directly
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Lisa
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm noticing. No, tell me what's coming up.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, it's hard to think about because it
Alicia Noedel: Puts we rock is it space. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to be present with the experience of
Gwenevere Abriel: Me all right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: The blanket around you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That blanket is very tangible metaphor for safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: All of it. Awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Confident and sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be that space that
Gwenevere Abriel: Is also
Gwenevere Abriel: At times,
Gwenevere Abriel: Very giving
Alicia Noedel: I just wish I could you give her a hug.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there. Okay, so do you see them both in that room.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And who gets the hug.
Alicia Noedel: I do
Alicia Noedel: A humble yourself.
Alicia Noedel: That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So take your left, take your left, left hand and tuck it under your right arm pit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is as goofy, but take your
Gwenevere Abriel: Right hand under. I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at the left hand under right armpit. Take this right arm, cross it over your body all the way over, over over to your right hand crossing over.
Gwenevere Abriel: There.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Now for me, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Was born into this sort of rocking
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just want to settle in and make feel what it feels like on that left arm.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have that right hand.
Alicia Noedel: Holding it
Alicia Noedel: Elisa knew just what
Gwenevere Abriel: We adult knew just what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just have a little girl.
Not a lot of talking just to hug.
You don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: How to Take care.
Of Alice
Alicia Noedel: It's a quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to feel the body feel the difference
Between
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How is Alice doing while she's being taken care of.
And
Alicia Noedel: Better
Alicia Noedel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: We come back to our regular life here. Let's see what we need to do to make sure that we have a feeling of confidence and peace and safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what what's left what needs to be putting the vault when needs to be dropped off the gorge and
In order to go about
Gwenevere Abriel: Or left in this room.
Alicia Noedel: Tears and
Alicia Noedel: insecurities.
Alicia Noedel: being scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I put that in the ball for a while.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just picture her
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting up, put it in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you you can spend all day in this room with your blanket and you can meet all of the different challenges if you want you can get to that room. Whenever however you want to.
Gwenevere Abriel: This activity is about, I don't know how it'll go from here, but we might be about halfway through it. Okay, you got pretty far into it but we there's still a distance to go there certain
Certain pieces.
Alicia Noedel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got a group to starting in a couple minutes. But first, I want you to, if you can just sort of, let's do a little reflection. Let's see what came up for you. That was important.
Alicia Noedel: I'm fine. I'm okay.
Alicia Noedel: Eventually I saved myself.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Alicia Noedel: It went from pretending to the vines actually be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and I would invite that the
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretending to be fine that phenomenon that only you know when those moments are
Gwenevere Abriel: I am suggesting they may still exist.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we do some more work around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can do it safely. We can do it together in that space. But for now, the solving of it, the psycho analysis of it all of the introspection will just vaulted up
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're fine. Your muscles are fine, there's actually no danger. Right now, there might be some perceived danger more work to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can go enjoy your family.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I
Gwenevere Abriel: Will go pick up some things if we want to. We don't want to take them out. We don't have to will continue to develop that that safe place. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Do you need anything as far as medication before I jump in.
Alicia Noedel: The group.
Alicia Noedel: I don't think so. No.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll get to see you on Thursday.
Alright.
Alicia Noedel: And we should I we make an appointment on Thursdays together.
Alicia Noedel: For next session.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wish group. Do you attend I get them confused now that my groups are
Gwenevere Abriel: 11am okay so good. I'll see you on Thursday for that. And then let's schedule.
Alicia Noedel: It to go right now, we can check it out. Thursday and would
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to do 8am. On March 30 on same kind of thing Monday or
Alicia Noedel: Sure. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a nice distribution of service and you got it kind of disseminated with some, you know what I mean.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, wonderful. I will see you on Thursday. Be good to okay
Alicia Noedel: Thank you, Gwen. Have a great day. You too.